README.md, before:

# libstodium

*This project is very young and as such the API is not yet stable or complete.*

libstodium was born a fork of
[Robosodium](https://github.com/GerardSoleCa/Robosodium), which was born as a
fork of [kalium-jni](https://github.com/joshjdevl/kalium-jni/). The goal of this
library is to improve the API, documentation, and better intergration with
Android Studio.

Credits to:
* [**Libsodium**](https://github.com/jedisct1/libsodium): author [Frank Denis](https://github.com/jedisct1) and [Contributors](https://github.com/jedisct1/libsodium/graphs/contributors)
* [**Kalium-jni**](https://github.com/joshjdevl/kalium-jni/): author [joshjdevl](https://github.com/joshjdevl) and [Contributors](https://github.com/joshjdevl/kalium-jni/graphs/contributors)
* [**Robosodium**](https://github.com/GerardSoleCa/Robosodium): author [GerardSoleCa](https://github.com/GerardSoleCa)

### Target platform

The library is heavily focussed on intergration with Android Studio and working
on Android systems.

The supported Android API versions are:
* Min SDK Version: 16 (4.1 Jelly Bean)
* Target SDK Version: 23 (6.0 Marshmallow)

### How to install

*When you plan to use libstodium in an Android Studio project, I would recommend
cloning the repository into a subdirectory of the project root.*

1. To start, download this repository and its submodules (libsodium):
  ```bash
  $ git clone https://github.com/ArteMisc/libstodium.git
  $ git submodule init 
  $ git submodule update
  ```

2. (Optional) on Ubuntu, you can run this command to make sure everything is setup on your machine:
  ```bash
  $ ./install_system_dependencies.sh
  ```
  
3. Next, run the setup script:
  ```bash
  $ ./setup.sh # load Ndk and Swig, install libsodium and JNI bindings, cleanup
  ```

In order for setup to run correctly, the environment variable JAVA_HOME should be set.
If this is not the case, the script will quit. You can set the JAVA_HOME value using
`export JAVA_HOME=/path/to/java` or by running the command like this:
```bash
$ JAVA_HOME=/path/to/java ./setup.sh
```

### Notes:
* Do NOT run the script as root. You will be asked to allow sudo for a few specific commands during the script's execution.
* Currently supported architectures are:
  * mips
  * arm
  * arm-v7a
  * x86
  
### License

Each part has its own software license, including:
* **Libsodium** [ISC License](https://github.com/jedisct1/libsodium/blob/master/LICENSE)
* **kalium-jni** [Apache License. Version 2.0](https://github.com/joshjdevl/kalium-jni/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
* **Robosodium** [Apache License. Version 2.0](https://github.com/GerardSoleCa/Robosodium/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
* **libstodium** [Apache License. Version 2.0](https://github.com/ArteMisc/libstodium/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)

### TODO
* Imporove the API, provide more docs.
* Make the API compatible with Java's native Security interfaces.
* Add tests.
* Support more architectures as they come along (mainly 64-bits archs).
* Add code examples to the Readme.
* Add a guide for adding the project as Android Studio module to a project.
* Add support for Maven.

Commit message:

Fixed gradle file error, updated interface, updated readme to reflect change in the setup script Switched to libsodium's stable branch

README.md, after:

# libstodium

*This project is very young and as such the API is not yet stable or complete.*

libstodium was born a fork of
[Robosodium](https://github.com/GerardSoleCa/Robosodium), which was born as a
fork of [kalium-jni](https://github.com/joshjdevl/kalium-jni/). The goal of this
library is to improve the API, documentation, and better intergration with
Android Studio.

Credits to:
* [**Libsodium**](https://github.com/jedisct1/libsodium): author [Frank Denis](https://github.com/jedisct1) and [Contributors](https://github.com/jedisct1/libsodium/graphs/contributors)
* [**Kalium-jni**](https://github.com/joshjdevl/kalium-jni/): author [joshjdevl](https://github.com/joshjdevl) and [Contributors](https://github.com/joshjdevl/kalium-jni/graphs/contributors)
* [**Robosodium**](https://github.com/GerardSoleCa/Robosodium): author [GerardSoleCa](https://github.com/GerardSoleCa)

### Target platform

The library is heavily focussed on intergration with Android Studio and working
on Android systems.

The supported Android API versions are:
* Min SDK Version: 16 (4.1 Jelly Bean)
* Target SDK Version: 23 (6.0 Marshmallow)

### How to install

*When you plan to use libstodium in an Android Studio project, I would recommend
cloning the repository into a subdirectory of the project root.*

1. To start, download this repository (there is no need to download libsodium, the setup script handles this):
  ```bash
  $ git clone https://github.com/ArteMisc/libstodium.git
  ```

2. (Optional) on Ubuntu, you can run this command to make sure everything is setup on your machine:
  ```bash
  $ ./install_system_dependencies.sh
  ```
  
3. Next, run the setup script:
  ```bash
  $ ./setup.sh # load Ndk and Swig, install libsodium and JNI bindings, cleanup
  ```

In order for setup to run correctly, the environment variable JAVA_HOME should be set.
If this is not the case, the script will quit. You can set the JAVA_HOME value using
`export JAVA_HOME=/path/to/java` or by running the command like this:
```bash
$ JAVA_HOME=/path/to/java ./setup.sh
```

### Notes:
* Do NOT run the script as root. You will be asked to allow sudo for a few specific commands during the script's execution.
* Currently supported architectures are:
  * mips
  * arm
  * arm-v7a
  * x86
  
### License

Each part has its own software license, including:
* **Libsodium** [ISC License](https://github.com/jedisct1/libsodium/blob/master/LICENSE)
* **kalium-jni** [Apache License. Version 2.0](https://github.com/joshjdevl/kalium-jni/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
* **Robosodium** [Apache License. Version 2.0](https://github.com/GerardSoleCa/Robosodium/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
* **libstodium** [Apache License. Version 2.0](https://github.com/ArteMisc/libstodium/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)

### TODO
* Imporove the API, provide more docs.
* Make the API compatible with Java's native Security interfaces.
* Add tests.
* Support more architectures as they come along (mainly 64-bits archs).
* Add code examples to the Readme.
* Add a guide for adding the project as Android Studio module to a project.
* Add support for Maven.
